in a town known for fame
[Music]
well and glamour one honest man has come
to Hollywood to make a killing
my name is chili Palmer Chile's a
gangster ran a club I used to play out
for another gangster back in Miami how
is mom all these days anyway did she
make movies huh I produce feature motion
pictures I got an idea for a movie
doesn't everybody
yesterday you were alone Shawn yeah but
I was never that into it like the movie
business is any different ray look at me
why don't you take a look at this you
must bring something heavy to the deal I
do me think you ought to turn around and
go back to Miami
you're stun that huh yeah any good I
mean he's got no reach back bro
some bad for a guy his size got a major
star interested there's some two-time
Academy Award nominee Martin weird he
played the Imam guy ten snitch in
cyclone and one of his best parts no
well the best part was when he played
the crippled gay guy the con not Whitney
I guess in your line of work
his time yet to get kind of rough huh
all right have you spoken with mr.
Palmer since your husband blew up I says
here you get Martin real for the part of
Lovejoy
how you gonna do that take a gun I'm
gonna put it to his head I'm gonna say
sign the papers Martin I get that that's
it I wonder would that work John
Travolta I think he could be an actor I
know you're acting sometimes but you
don't show thought I was faking
gene Hackman helped you
sakaram Rene Russo Aires dreaming of a
40 million dollar production he'll never
get off the ground with a star he'll
never sign with it without my help and
Danny DeVito looking at you having
memories of us I'm wondering how did it
go long and it all slip away well it
didn't slip away Martin you did when you
went off with Nicky at my birthday party
yeah it was a good party rough business
movie business
don't you puke on my shoes Harry I may
have to go back to loan-sharking just to
take a rest get shotty fade out
you